feat: jobError in spring sdk (#5644)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/spring-zeebe-sdk/configuration.md

```java
@JobWorker(type = "foo")
public void handleJobFoo() {
  // some work
  if (businessError) {
   // problem shall be indicated to the process:
   throw CamundaError.bpmnError("ERROR_CODE", "Some explanation why this does not work");
   // this is a static function that returns an instance of BpmnError
  }
}
```

### Failing jobs in a controlled way

Whenever you want a job to fail in a controlled way, you can throw a `JobError` and provide parameters like `variables`, `retries` and `retryBackoff`:

```java
@JobWorker(type = "foo")
public void handleJobFoo() {
  try {
   // some work
  } catch(Exception e) {
   // problem shall be indicated to the process:
   throw CamundaError.jobError("Error message", new ErrorVariables(), null, Duration.ofSeconds(10), e);
   // this is a static function that returns an instance of JobError
  }
}
```

The JobError takes 5 parameters:

- `errorMessage`: String
- `variables`: Object _(optional)_, default `null`
- `retries`: Integer _(optional)_, defaults to `job.getRetries() - 1`
- `retryBackoff`: Duration _(optional)_, defaults to `PT0S`
- `cause`: Exception _(optional)_, defaults to `null`

:::note

> When the job error is sent to the engine, the stacktrace of the job error will become the actual error message. The provided cause will be visible in Operate.

Reviewer: 🔧  I would be in favor of actually making transparent that the failJob API is used.
```suggestion
The job error is sent to the engine by the SDK calling the [Fail Job API](/apis-tools/camunda-api-rest/specifications/fail-job.api.mdx). The stacktrace of the job error will become the actual error message. The provided cause will be visible in Operate.
```
